check out this week's must-see movies if
I show you the rest you have to promise
not to run away miss Peregrine's
delighted to meet miss Peregrine's Home
for peculiar children takes us to an
extraordinary world where anything is
possible
we have been company the thriller
Deepwater Horizon explores the final
hours leading up to the worst oil spill
in US history
well I was destined for a life of
adventure relax
check out masterminds a hilarious comedy
about a night guard who plans the
biggest bank heist in US history you
load up a truck you drive away let's
check out this week's Fanta sebacean so
what's your weekend ticket going to be
let us know by commenting see you next
time on weekend ticket
[Music]